# The unexpected visitor
Before we went to sleep, Alaric told me about a **secret room** they have found in the library which was the missing pice to the servants room depth.

This **secret room** contained a chest with a body hanging out of it, clutching a letter in it's hand.

***insert letter***

Next to this ominous chest there was a book shelf full of necromancy books. Natürlich, Alaric wanted spend as much time with them as possible, personally I think that might not be the best option for him.... then again, we need to find out as much as possible about the happening in this house and what brought about the fall of House Durst. The letter, the necromancy, the curses on this house are surely connected to false pretenses which brought us to this place, I need to remeber to ask Alaric to cross-examine the letter we got from Arrigal and the one written by Lord Stradht, maybe there is a connection here. But for now, Alaric is fast asleep in the **servants quarters** and so are all of the others as well, the dreadful dreams await me....

Every night since we started hunting he sets up an alarm spell around us, this will warn us if something approaches so that we have time to react. Usually it's a "ding" sound in his head, this time it was the horrid scream that woke him. Something seems to have altered the way some of our magic reacts, I first noticed it with may magic hand which turned skeletal when I tried to console the little boy ooutside. I'm not sure yet if it is the house and the grounds around it or Barovia which messes with some of the arcane manifestations. 
 
I get awakened by mein Brüderchens dreadful scream, barely distinguished from the screams in my head. As my burning eyes open, there is a slender figure peering in from behind the ~~open~~ door to the room. There is no time for questions as I know that she is to close already, and must have triggered Alarics alarm. Instinctively I cast mind sliver on her as my expectation is that Alaric will blast her to kingdom come as soon as he gets the chance, but he hesitates.... very unusual. Curiously I take a closer look at her:  a half-elf maiden, slender, shifty, very graceful and precise in her movements. She greeted us with a half smile on her face as she must feel the effects of the spell I cast on her. Breker just turns his back trying to sleep and is clearly annoyed ad the situation. I feel he is not used to sleeping in such precarious situations and takes the whole event to lightly. Elona did not react, or if she did it did not show... the fight must have taken a toll on her. Alaric and myself are the only ones to react and be combat ready, our previous experience in these situations is proving to be priceless. Given these reactions to an intruder it's clear to me that we still have a way to go until Alaric and myself can count on our companions to be vigilant during our sleep.

Mein Bruder started to question the newcomer in his usual charming manner, which lead me to react swiftly by apologizing on my behalf for attacking her and on Alarics for his rude and pushy behavior. He went to bed with a deserved slap on his face from our new guest, while I suggested to her we talk in the **ballroom** to not disturb the sleep of my friends.

In the **ballroom** we introduced ourselves and thus I made the ~~aqueitance~~ of the lovely Myr. Although not sure what her profession is, she clearly knows how to handle herself and is on a personal quest of self-improvement, I suggested that ridding the house of evil might be a good way to improve upon ones nature and she agreed. It being late I tried to keep it short and explained how we got here and showed her the letter from Arrigal. At this point she opened up and said she met the flamboyant vistani who was the one which brought her to the house in a cart while luring her here with the same letter we also received. Although she had met him, Myr did not know his name, when she learned it I saw something click in her mind although unsure what exactly; it seemed the name had some history to it. It was getting late (I might have introduced myself as Alaric van Holzburg... nees to correct that), so I explained to her the false pretenses by which we have been summoned here by showing her the torne letter we found on the corpse at the big gates and the fact that we have been trapped in the house by the two children which she also met outside. Myr decided to stick with us for now as it seemed the best course of action for the time being. She appears to be trustworthy... for now at least.

The dreadful feeling of sleep overcomes me as I invite Myr in the crammed room with us and fall in a deep slumber while Alaric sets up the alarm....
