# Dark Omens
We got back to our living quarters and as the rest were preparing to go to  
sleep, Alaric was busy with his usual routine of making sure mothing surprises  
us during the night by setting up the alarm. It dawn on me that this might be  
the best time to ask him about my last dream and what he makes of it. Thus I  
asked him to help me with the translation of a book in the library. This was a  
false pretense which I felt I had to come up with in order to avoid an  
uncomfortable scenario to explain my dreams and why I have them to the others  
in our makeshift gang. It's not that I don't trust them, it's rather that this  
feels more personal then I am willing to share with people outside the family.  

Alaric agreed to help, and for safe measure once we got to the library I  
started speaking in giant as it was clear to both of us that our companions do  
not know the language. I inconspicuously drew the dream journal from my pocket  
as I pretended to grab it from the shelfs of the library, more of a show if by  
chance somebody was watching, and handed it to my brother. As he was reading  
it, I tried to explain that it was cryptic but there is this lingering feeling  
that a sacrifice needs to be made at some point in order for us, most likely  
everyone in our group, to survive. The fact that I would have to kill somebody  
(or something hopefully) to save us, made me uneasy. I also mentioned that  
these dreams have gotten stronger since we came to the house but they also  
might be related to this cursed land we find ourselves in, which the vistana  
called Barovia. Bruderchen asked me what I plan to do once a choice needs to  
be made. He was right to ask as I have been thinking about it for a very long  
time; the best I could come up with was to tell him that we might be able to  
avoid killing one of our own if we either sacrifice an enemy which the house  
feels full of, or something that is not really alive nor dead, like his  
familiar. Alarics response was that he himself would be interested in visiting  
the other side as he thinks it would bring him some benefit.  

The thought of killing my own Bruder has sent chills down my spine which I can  
still feel even now that I am writing this. There was no way I could hurt the  
one that I need to protect. I think he regretted suggesting it as he started  
to explain that death is not permanent and that there are ways to bring people  
back even after they crossed.

I was unwilling to entertain this idea further and thus I started hinting at  
going to bed ... as if sleep would bring any relief to me.
