# The village of Barovia

The morning was like all other mornings in which I wake up from a dream heavy sleep. As I went to Elona to search for Night Blood, who should have been in her arms, it was missing. While Elona was agitated searching for it, I somehow knew it was somewhere else, in a place which cannot be reaches. Sitting on the bed side I focused on night blood as best as I could, it the materialized in my hand whit his eagerness to kill evil. With this I explained the situation to the rest of the group while Breker was focused on something else, as he usually in the morning. Before leaving the room we decided to go down to the lowest level and get the remaining object form the 13 pedestals and then try to find the village of Barovia. Alaric and myself need to talk to the Burgomeister and Breker still needed to talk to madam Eva.

We set out for the basement, Breker had manage to create a small flying construct which we agreed should test the object for boobytraps before we touch them. While on our way down I started to test the limits of Night Blood, making it disappear and reappear in different forms. Trough my exercises I learned it can take any form I  desire and I can wield it with the precision of a master fighter trained in all weapons. This left me with the feeling that my shield would reduce my mobility and because our shieldmaiden Elona was lacking one I decided to gift it to her. Curiously enough, by making night blood appear and disappear I managed to make him angry as he was expecting to be kill some evil every time I manifested him. Thus I had to promise him no t to call unless we actually need him.

In the lower levels we managed to take all the objects without any issues. The list is as follows:
```
*add list here*

```

Leaving the house we went along the road where the Vistani had left us. One hour in to our travel through the mosit, thick mist we reached some house. Most of them seamed abandoned and boarded up, the villagers were nowhere to be seen, in the distance the only noise was the wailing sound of sobbing, like there is no more light, happiness or hope left in the world.

As we pressed on through the gloom we reached the town square were an old woman was selling pies to the most malnourished children I have ever seen. It awoke some deep rooted feelings from a time long gone by of our lives as urchins in Frau Holles Holzburg. I seat down on the ground next to the old woman and we stared chatting. Her name was **Morgantha** and she was selling pies to the poor children to keep them form starving. She also told us that the crying is coming form the south of the village, from a woman called Mary who lost her child Gertrude a while ago and has gone mad with grief. After asking her about the vistani she pointed to the tavern next to us telling us that this is were they operate from. I thank her for the help and Alaric buys a pie from her which he tucks away in his backpack.

We decide to visit the tavern and get a feel of the place. The new name of the tavern **"Blood on the vine"** (new because the original name was Blood of the vine but somebody scratched the "n" out and replaced it with an "f") seamed to be foreboding of the danger that might be found inside. Outside the place there were 3 vistani talking, a woman and two men. As we stepped in, I expected a more crowded place but there was only one man sitting alone at one table and a very annoyed bartender cleaning the mugs.
