# The maiden fair

After leaving the tavern we decided it was time to visit the manor to the south
which was the former residence of the Burgomeister. The only hiccup was Breker
who by all intense and purposes was drunk to the point where we had to carry
him. On our way we encountered **Morgantha** again, handing out pies and
talking to parents of the children. While she did not seam to mind us, the
towns people were avoiding our gaze as much as they could. I asked Myr if she
could follow the old lady for an hour just to make sure that she checks out. My
paranoia, as it has been called after this event, had stemmed form the fact
that she was the only one who seamed to afford to give out food in this cursed
village. This is at least odd and might be also very concerning. Myr agreed,
somewhat reluctantly.

As we got closer to the somewhat more prominent house which was situated at the
end of the street, we noticed markings of a fight which might have happened
there. Some of the windows were broken and nailed shut, the fence had been
trampled and so had the ground around the house. We decided it would be better
if Elona would go up and knock on the door seeing that Breker was dead drunk
(and reeking of wine), Alaric is ... well Alaric and I managed to piss off the
new Burgomeister.

She approached the door in a very odd way, as she remarked that the door had
claw and teeth marks on it. Thus she decided, for whatever reason to hid behind
the corner. Ultimately, I went up and knocked on the door as it was polite
course of action. As the door opened, one of the most beautiful girl I have
ever seen opened it. Her stern face looked at me with defying eyes as her fiery
red hair was hanging from her shoulders. She was cloth in common household
cloths but I could tell that she was not a common maiden, leaving the
impression that she had seen a fight or two in her life, and had probably one
some of them. Within her deep blue eyes I could see the disgust as she looked
at me, hinting at the fact that she had already heard of us.

I introduced the gang as did she (**Ireena**) as she begrudgingly invited us in
demanding that the drunk dwarf stay outside. I tried talking to her and getting
a feel of her need and a general understanding of the village and why people
are so cold, but she was less then cooperative, mocking us and telling us that
she had no choice but take our help. We did find out that, her father is laid
to rest in the upper room, that her house had been attacked for the last couple
of weeks and it had stopped since the late **Kolyan** died and she also told us
that she is adopted. Even though we got all this information she mocked and
belittled us with every occasion she could while talking to us. I suggested to
Alaric that we should also talk to Maria, whos house of mourning we passed on
our way here, **Ireena** demanded we leave the poor women alone as she has gone
mad because her daughter had left her not long ago.

I got feed up for her majesties attitude and made a point to storm of in rage,
and go talk to **Maria**. Alaric said he will also come and Elona joined us as
well leaving Breker on the front porch trying to carve something but only
managing to carve the air. On our way out, we met Myr who told us that
**Morgantha** only talked to the villagers and nothing else, I thanked her and
said we are going to talk to Maria while shouting that the little princess is
less then cooperative. Myr went inside the manor taking Breker with herself.

**We found Marias house close to the Blood ~~of~~ on the vine**. As we knocked
the crying stopped but shortly resumed without and answer. This went out for a
couple of tries before Elona decided we need to help the poor women no matter
what. Thus we entered uninvited in to the saddest house I have ever seen. The
dark, gloomy and dusty house was maid up of a main room a small side room which
seamed to have been a nursery at one point and a dirty kitchen. Maria was
crying in the corner, weak, famished and dehydrated, she barely gave any notice
to us. Alaric tried to talk to her, making her afraid of us but Elona and
myself managed  to calm her down a bit. Elona was consoling her continuously
giving her water and we even gave one of Alarics pies to her which she ate with
a bit of hesitation as she wanted to keep it for her daughter **Gertrude**. We
had to promise her that we will leave the second pie for her daughter (which I
don't think we did). While Alaric and Elona were talking to her I took a look 
at the rooms. The kitchen was almost empty and had not been used in weeks same
for the fireplace making the whole house as cold as the outside. There was a
corner with children toys and **Maria** herself was clutching one and keeping
it close repeating continuously that her 12 year old daughter was missing but
she will be back. At this point I should mention that from what we knew about
**Gertrude** is that she was at lest 18 old when she left the village not long
ago, confirming that **Maria** had been traumatized by her existence in this
village. We decided to head back as there was noting to be done anymore.....  
