# Blood ~~of~~ on the vine

I tried to chat to the bartend, get some information but he did not have any
desire to talk to me. I decided to buy a mug of wine and pay for 3 of them,
maybe that would loosen his tongue. As soon as I payed the 3 vistani surrounded
being al jolly and trying to drink with us. At this point the stranger at the
table sitting alone said he would pay for our teams drinks as long as we sit
with him alone.

This is how we met **Ismark** (aka **Ismark the lesser**) the son of the
Burgomeister **Kolyan Indirovich**. He got the nickname **the lesser** as he is
as he describes it a shadow of what his father was. I asked Alaric to show him
the letter his father wrote, which brought us to this cursed place. He seamed
saddened by the letter as he confirmed that it is not his fathers writing, who
in the meantime has died, making him the defacto Burgomeister. He seamed
distressed by something and upon inquire he told us about his adopted sister
**Ireena**.

She has fallen victim of an illness and needs to be escorted to the nearby
village of **Valakin**. We agreed to help him, but seeing that we are a bit
short on money Alaric and myself started talking about our fee. In a attempt of
good will Elona cast a nifty spell of zone of truth in our area, forcing us to
be upfront with each other. Begrudgingly he agreed on 50gp, 25gp when we get
**Ireena** and 25gp when we get back. Unfortunately Valakin is **XXXXXX** days
away by foot and there seam to be no horses he could spare. Breker asked for at
least a map of the region, **Ismark** told us he could provide one free of
charge. As it stands we agreed to escort **Ireena** but we also mentioned that
we have also other appointments we need to keep.

I mentioned lookin it to Mary, which his dismissed of hand as mad woman and
there is nothing to it. I also mentioned madam Eva, to which he did not replay
but looked cautiously at the vistani in the room. Because of his lag in
answering, Alaric asked louder which attracted the attentions of the vistani.
They came over and to the annoyance of **Ismark** they sat down talking to us.
I asked about madam Eva and they told me we could find her close to the
outskirt of town on the way to **Valakin**. Brekre got in to a drinking
completion with the woman vistana, by mentioning that he outdrank **Stanimir**.
To convince the vistani that we know him I cast an image of him, they then
asked me to make him look in different poses for their entertainment. I must
admit they have a bizarre sense of humor.

As the competition started, Breker went neck to neck with the vistana. Alaric
tried to sneakily help him, but was caught, being under the truth zone he
managed to talk his way out of the situation but barely. In the end Breker
lost, falling unconscious ... same as his competitor, leaving us to pay both
the tab and the wager.

I wanted to reconfirm the fee with **Ismark**, but seeing the tab we had, which
he had to pay and our less then noble way of acting being more interested in
money then the right thing to do, made him angry. I shouted that we would pay
our fee and our drinks but we will regret our behavior soon.... 
