# A bumpy night

We got back to a more amiable Ireena as Myr had managed to still the waters which had been boiling in her royal highness. Never the less I had to be more mindful of the situation we were in and try not to burn any more bridges. We told the girls how it went with Maria and I think that softened **Ireena** up a bit because she was at least willing to acknowledge that we were trying to help even if it isn't the most conventional way. Breker was unconscious at this point and he had to be put to bed unless we wanted him to wake up sore. Ireena offered up her brothers room for the night so that we can sleep here, I chose to sleep close to the main entrance as I wanted to be prepared if we get attacked, Myr said she would join me. Alaric and Elona were inquiring about a library, which Ireena was kind enough to let them rummage trough. Both the room and library were up the stairs on the first floor so we all went up.

Across from the room where we put Breker down to sleep was **Ireenas room** and further down the hall was her fathers room where we was laying in a casket, ready to be buried, next to that room was the library. As Elona and Alaric went to the library the rest of us, except Breker who was sleeping it off, went down stairs into the kitchen.

On the main counter in the kitchen lay a decent looking plate armor set with heavy used marks on it. Elona was preparing to wear it for our journey that was ahead. Before we could set out she said she would like to burry her father in the family crypt, which we offered to help her with. She also suggested we should finish our business in town before we set out, which makes me wonder if we should visit madam Eva before we head out or not, if Breker still wants to that is.**Ireena** was complaining that she could not sleep for weeks now and she had been tired ever since the attacks have started. I figured that with her father dying and her sleeplessness this could explain her foul mood, thus suggesting that maybe Alaric has a spell which he can use to make her sleep.  As we were talking some time passed by and I feel she started warming herself to us making the interactions more natural and calm.

That is until there was a weird noise from upstairs.... As we went up, I was praying that Alaric did not do something stupid again. We found him in front the Burgomeisters door cleaning something up. I looked at him angrily as he smiled pleasantly at us. Somewhat nervously **Ireena** went in to her fathers old room only to find the casket opened and Elona praying. As **Ireena** was not looking **Alaric** threw something to me and made a shushing gesture towards me, indicating that he stole something. I was holding **a small wooden figurine of Strahd** for some unknown reason. Myr entered as well in to the room which can only be described as filled with the stench of death. As I waited out side the room being solemn for a minute or two before helping Alaric in to Brekers room. Alaric seamed somewhat green (or more so then usual), I suggested he should lay down for a while. Checking on Breker I took the opportunity to stash away the statue in his magical bag for safe keeping, planning to ask the gnome (mein Bruder) why we are thieves now??

As the praying ended the casket was closed once more and we decided to go to sleep. I asked **Ireena** if she would prefer it if one of us would sleep with her in the room, but she refused. I decided that insisting would lead us back to her being less agreeable again. Elona decided she would try to offer to sleep in the same room as well, but Ireena now angry stared acting up again prompting me to get Alaric out of bed and have him cast the sleeping spell on her. This knocked her out and I carried her to her bed, where she was sleeping peacefully. I just went down as Alaric was setting up alarm in the hallway between the two rooms.

One hour in to my restless slumber I get woken up by Myr telling me that something is happening. We run up the stairs but the alarm did not go off, we do however hear some strange noise form Ireenas room. Myr tells me that there are some weird lights outside the house as I wake Elona and Alaric; I tried waking Breker up as well but he would not budge. Myr barges in to check on Ireena as we look out the window to see a stream on green specters walking form the church on top of the hill down trough the village and exiting towards what we assumed would be the castle. Ireena woke up, in a bad mood telling us that she is fine, we are making to much noise and those lights are nothing. Myr insisted, at least 4-5 times that she will sleep with Ireena in her room for the night, before Ireena decided to slam the door in her face and go back to bed.

The rest of the night Myr stood guard for the frist half of it, while Elona decided to stand guard in the hallway for the second half of the night....
