# Life is but a dream
"We need your help", a voice resounded in my mind as everything around me was frozen in time. From the other room I heard Breker being confused and Alaric responding in equal confusion about what is happening. "Help us" the voice went again. "Quid pro quo" I replied. Less then 10 seconds later a white light engulfed me as I woke up in the middle of the battlefield with Alaric and Breker beside me.

The burning battlefield was littered with corpses of both angelic and demonic figures as the air around us was dens and heavy to breath. The tree of us were looking around confused trying to figure out what was happening. Before I managed to explain what I knew about getting here, we saw a giant blue figure, with a stern cold look on it s face and wings on its back coming towards us while killing winged demonic creatures with his 10ft long greatsword in its path. "They took **Saureya**" he said as he saw us confused in the middle of an epic battle, "We need your help to get her back". "Ok? I guess this is why we have been pulled here, I guess" I replied still unsure about why we were summoned to one of nightmares. The blue enormous angel proceeded to call three massive lions with wings bound by chains which he urged us mount.

I helped my little dwarven friend Breker and my little gnome brother on to their lions after which I mounted mine. All of them unchained their wings as we took of from this place of death. From above we could see the formation of angles cutting trough the ranks of the demons towards their unholy fortress which was swarming with their corrupted presence. We however were following the blue winged giant away from the fortress along the dark abyss which seemed to be following as a river. This was real, we were in one of my nightmares, the fighting I dream about since I was a child, the eternal struggle between these two factions was now more palpable to me as ever before.

I quickly explained to Breker and Alaric that we are in fact in one of the things that scenarios that keep me from having a good night rest. While Alaric understood the situation we found ourselves in, I had to clue Breker in by explaining to him that I am an Aasimar and thus celestial by nature. Breker was fascinated by this new discovery about myself, making a not so subtle note to study me when he got the chance.

There were still many unanswered questions, thus I started with the most obvious one by asking our blue friend for his name. "**Ramiel**" he replied. I asked him about **Saureya** and why I was summoned to rescues her as he explained the she is my guardian angel and she is invaluable to the celestial kind, it was her who brought us her and that it was imperative for us to save her at all cost. I suggest that we will do our best, but we might not be of much help in the state we are as we have also been rippled out of the middle of a fight. He proceeded to generate a cloud of glittering dust which covered us healing our wounds and invigorated us as if we would have just woken up from the most peaceful sleep.

We were traveling up the abyssal river, which he warned us was bottomless and infinite in its nature, urging us to not drop of the lions. **Ramiel** did not finish his thought as we got ambushed by a squad of winged creatures. Most of them attacked him as two of them were coming for us. Breker was using his whip to keep them at bay, while I was using my hex curse on the one between my lion and Alarics. I noticed that Breker was managing his foe well thus I started assisting mein Bruder as best as I could. Finally his necrotic attacks were having the desired effect on these creatures I was beginning to fear that Alaric has lost his touch to defend himself. The cursed house is full of undead things which are immune to his particular brand of offensive strikes. As I tried to hit the demon, I lost my footing and almost fell down, Breker managed to disarm the creature who was focusing on him and took the opportunity to come and rescue me from certain eternal damnation. Meanwhile Alaric managed to inflict some damage to his demon which switched its focus form Alaric to his mount, latching itself to the troth of the lion and wounding it continuously. Breker flew back distracting the other demon while we managed to kill the demon attacking the lion but it was to late, the lion was mortally wounded and was going down. Alaric barely managed to jump and latch himself to my lion as Breker killed the last demon. I helped Alaric up on to my lion with grate effort. This was our first aerial combat and for myself and Alaric it was almost our last.  

**Ramiel** managed to fed off his attacker. Looking back at us from his point position he gave us a nod and turned right as we flew further over the black abyss. We managed to push trough to the **ruined elemental plain** where we reached castle like fortress. Once there he used his greatsword to breach the western wall of the fortress, leaving a clearing for us to land. As soon as we unmounted the lions, he looked at us and just said "Save her" as he and the lions flew off creating a distraction in a different part of the fortress.

The inside of the castle was dark and damp with no light source, the corridor was made of slabs of stone with no decorations making it feel more like a barracks rather then a castle. Breker used his experience to study the walls and figure out what kind of stone it was, as it did not look familiar to him. His investigation revealed that within the stone there were little white spots made out of calcium. In other words, bones have been woven in to the stone.

We went down the corridor ready to fight any enemy we encounter. At one point the corridor branched to the left and to the right. From the left side we heard chanting, as time was of the essence we rushed towards the noise trowing caution out of the window. We reached a tall room with bat like creatures swarming around it. Breker and Alaric managed to hide themselves in the shadows of the room keeping close to the wall, as we noticed a different entrance on the other side of the room. I was to fired up and thus hiding did not seam natural at that point, nevertheless stealth was clearly our best option. Thus I created an illusion of a wall around us slowly moving it as we moved along the wall. Luckily we managed to by pass these creatures and avoid bloodshed.

At the end of room the entrance lead to a small corridor ending with a giant sized double door with moon symbols on it, beyond witch the chanting was resounding and echoing. After Alaric and Breker studied the door, Alaric even noted down some of the symbols in his notebook, we pushed the door slightly open, enough to peer trough it. Alaric looke trough the crack and made out some breken pillars closer to us and a circle of sorts with 3-4 winged creatures around it, but nothing else could be made out without further opening the door. Thus I pushed it a bit more, enough for my head to fit trough and have a good look.

Inside in the middle of the room, a hooded shimmering creature was chanting in raspy voice as he stood in the middle of a circle. Around the circle 10 winged creatures were participating at the ritual which felt malicious in nature. To the north of the circle the corner of an alter could be barely made out. We had difficulty taking down two of these creatures on the way here, thus 10 clearly meant doom for us if we took them head on, our best option was to distract them and free **Saureya** who I assumed had to be in this room.

We started to plan our distraction, Breker had an idea, but we needed more information about the layout of the room. This prompted me to peer in a couple of times, in hindsight this could have avoided, then again I'm alive to write about it now... They noticed me the third time I nonchalantly poped my head from behind the door. We had little time to react, Breker threw a coin which was yelling "I am here! I am here!" continuously, in to the room, sadly he did not manage to throw it far, bouncing of the nearest pillar in the room. I quickly reacted creating the **illusion of Ramiel** who appears from behind the pillar and moves towards the altar. As the illusion manifested we heard rattling of chains from the altar and very familiar voice shouting for help. I have never met **Saureya** before, not in person anyway, but I did hear her voice in my dreams guiding me, teaching me. We had found her and there was little time to lose as we did not knew haw far along the ritual was. The creatures reacted attacking **"Ramiel"** and while all 10 of them were swarming the illusion Alaric cast his sleeping spell on them, forcing three to fall in to a deep slumber. Then there were 7.

She must have gotten free somehow, as the shimmering creature who was leading the ritual cast a new spell of binding on the altar. This gave Breker the opportunity to run in to the room and use his whip to bring the shimmering thing to it's knees. While struggling **Saureya** managed to get both of her hands free sitting upright on the stone slab she has been chained to. She truly was magnificent. Not as large as **"Ramiel"**, but still imposing even in this situation, her grey bright skin was almost metallic in its nature, like liquid silver as she moved. Her long golden hair was following down her shoulders to her breast plate, which to be honest looked more like a bra then actual armor. As she stood there she recognized me, but before she actually managed to say anything the remaining swarm of creatures were on her like flies on pure honey. She fended them off as best as she could, freeing one of her feet in the process. This presented an opening for me as the shimmering bastard was down and the creatures distracted, I ran to her and untied her last foot while Alaric was casting another sleep spell on the creatures of which there were only 6 now; one of them attempted to ram against **Saureya** which ended in his death.

As she got free, the angel in front of us, stared to glow in the most electric way I have ever seen. She was Thunder and lightning, guiding her bolts to the remaining flying things, vaporizing them in an instance. The remainder of her attack she focused on the shimmering creature who was trying to discourage us, but was speaking so horridly that half of the things he said were unintelligible. Alaric, Breker and myself started attacking the him but were barely making a difference, prompting **Saureya** to jump of the altar with her giant mace and squish him like a bug.

We were out of immediate harms way, but time was short as we knew not how much **Ramiel** can hold them of. It was at this time I finally understood why my dreams are so chaotic and confusing, like a storm on the sea. This revelation came with **Saureya** question "Ok, why are we here? What do we have to do? Why did you come??".... We quickly explained that we came for her and now that we she is free we can go... This was concerning if you ask me! She said "Ah, ok" as she picked us up and put us on her back running towards the way we came in. From the other side of the sacrifice room a large double door, similar to the one we entered, opened up with hundreds of demons rushing in. Breker threw one of his oil patches as I used my illusion to make it hidden. Moments later we heard loud thud of them slipping in the oil and falling, this gave us some more time to escape.
