# Choices (part 1)
I woke from the trance, revigorated, clutching **Elona** who was still
unconscious. Alaric and Breker seamed to not remember anything of what has just
transpired but they seamed to be at full strength. The fight we left behind as
we were transported to the different plane was still ongoing with Myr ready to
pounce at the Durst couple.

I stabilized Elona quickly and jumped the to help Breker who was stuck in the
other room. Myr and Alaric where laying down supportive attacks while Breker
managed to evade the latest attacks of the two undead creatures in front of us.
The foul stench which the two corpses had around them was in the best case
nauseating and had proven to be very distracting during the fight. Breker
blocked the entrance to the room so that none of the two could get past him, and
I helped him fight of the Frau Durst as she was relentlessly tacking swings at
both Breker and myself. As she fell, Breker used his ability to cast oil in the
whole **Bedroom**, and with one fast swoop Alaric ignited the oil to my utter
dread.

As Herr Durst was burning up I rushed in to pull out the chest which they tried
to protect hoping to save as much as possible before it all got lost, there
where some minor burns I suffered in this process (noting to bad). As we came
out of the combat Brekre opened the chest in which we found some healing
potions, a half burnt cloak and a book of spells which was almost burned beyond
recognition. We managed to give one of the potions to Elona and bring her back
to a walking state as we decided to move to our safe room trough the hatch we
just discovered.

As we were in the room Alaric managed to identify the cloak as a damaged magical
item which offers you protection against being hurt, but because it was almost
completely lost in the. Thus it was a perfect fit fur mein Bruderchen even though
he says it has lost some of its magical powers. The book, however, proved to be
very valuable to him, as he wowed he will try to recover as much as possible
from it. My priority was to check the journal for an entry, I had to know if it
was a dream, fearing that narcolepsy on the battlefield might be a new issue we
will have to deal with. The journal had no entry...

I started to panic as I asked my brother to check his notebook for any entries
he has forgotten about. Reluctantly he did as asked but was astonished when he
did notice the new entry; as I started to be more agitated and assuming that
Breker also had the **Fartickels** in his possession a decision had to be made...

Thus I asked the party to join me in the **ball room** where I told them about
my heritage and about us being summoned to help the celestials in their fight.
Alaric although reluctant to believe me, showed a willingness to entertain the
notion of us being kidnaped and him not remembering anything about it. Breker
was harder to convince, but the **fartickles** where a clear proof of something
weird happening. This was however a bit to much for Elona who just wanted this
whole thing to be over with already. Myr on the other hand had a weirdly
compassionate way of reacting to the news, somewhat intrigued and also ... how
to put this gently... absent, as if she was present and at the same time having
a conversation with somebody else. I will have to keep an eye on her. In an last
effort to prove my point I tried to reproduce the image of the hooded figure who
kidnaped **Saureya**, also known as the **avatar of the pale night**. The sell
rebound as the illusion of the pale night took a mind of its own and looked me
in the eyes causing one of the worst headaches I ever had.

We decided that it was worth a try to contact **Saureya** and maybe find out
some more information on what is happening. Myr proposed she would help me get
to the other plane trough a form of guided sleep, mediation she called it, the
thig elves and half-elves do during their resting period. Alaric and Breker
encouraged me to try as Elona just wanted to go to sleep.

Back in the "safe room" I sat down on the floor and let my self be guided trough
the dreaming process. Following Myrs voice I opened my eyes to find myself with
a pare of radiant wings on my back in a golden field, **the golden fields elysium**
as I would later find out. There the voice of  **Saureya** greeted me, a bit
tired. Although I asked many questions she could or would not answer many of
them. All I could find out was that it was not a dream, that we really have been
transported to realm where the war was still raging on. She also told me that I
will soon have a choice to make and that I might be slipping from grace because
of the cursed sword. As I prepared to ask a different question I felt a pull...

Falling again, I found myself in the deep drowning with the yellow eyes
menacingly facing me.... I must have had a physicals reaction to this as Myr
pulled me out of the trance, I must remember to thank her for that. After
awakening, I told them what I have learned which at least brought ease to myself
and in some extent I would say to Alaric as well although he would not admit it.
Thus we went to sleep for the day as it was far to eventful for me...
