# No rest for the wicked
We woke up fully rested, I had my usual war filled dreams and woke up somewhat
less agitated then the previous "day". With our newfound strength we decide to
go down further the proverbial rabbit hole, just like Alice im Wunderland.
Even **Elona** who has been less enthusiastic to mess with the house was ready
to explore further.

I suggested we go explore the supposed Schlafzimmer that Batlaric found, my
reasoning was that bedrooms might contain hints to who used it before and it
might tell us more of the history of this place. The fastest way down there
was through the trapdoor and the **statue room** where there was a door
leading directly to the place we were interested in.

As we entered the **statue room** all of us except Myr and myself started
exploring the rest of the room to make sure we did not miss anything which
will give us a clue for the purpose of this place. Alaric managed to find
something interesting regarding the statue. By its feet hidden from the seight
by the cloak of the man the statue represented lay a **carved head of a
Wolf**. The head was part of the original design of the statue, but it was
still peculiar as the Wolf theme is clearly a reoccurring one since we reached
**Barovia**. Nothing else was of interest and thus Alaric signaled me to pick
him up as he wanted to use the bat to explore more. I get the feeling he is
doing this only to get out of walking as he sometimes struggles to keep up.
But carrying him is also a bad option, for me at least.

The rest of us took up our usual formation (Breker, Myr, myself holding
Alaric and Elona in the rear) as we prepared to see what was behind the door
in the far west of the room. In retrospect this should have been a warning
sign to us, as it was the only actual solid door we encountered in this
**"basement"**; the moment Breker touched the door in the narrow corridor, the
handle turned to a mouth and garbed hold of him. The door then started to
shift manifesting a tentacle and whipping Breker with the intent of killing
him. I woke up Alaric as fast as I could and tried to weaken our enemy from
afar with my mind sliver as Myr tried to get Breker free without success.
Elona was also hitting it hard with her guiding bolt as none of us could get
in to the narrow corridor to help Breker. While we were using our ranged
attacks against it, chipping away at, what we now know it to be a mimic, it
piece by piece. It seamed that we are making good progress, the vile thing
started to vomit acid from it's foul mouth on to Breker knocking him
unconscious. I felt that this was the right opportunity to attack it form up
close as Breker was hanging there still grappled by this monster. This was not
a good idea as the damn thing manifested a second mouth and latched itself to
me. While Elona was getting Breker up again with one of her ranged healing
spells, Alaric and Myr were making progress at the knocking it down. Breker
waking up was such a relief that anger over this creature almost killing
someone arose in me. I felt a familiar burning sensation on my back as burst
of strength was channeled trough my accursed sword destroyed the shapeshifter
and freed us from his yaws.

My burst of anger came at a small cost, as my scars have extended themselves
for a brief moment during the final attack startling Myr who was right behind
me, prompting her to slap me on the back thinking I will catch fire otherwise.
After this unexpected tarp, I felt the need to take a short break, as the next
room had some chairs and a table I sat down telling the rest of our group I
need calm down. Alaric and Elona joined me, as I would later find out Alaric
would have pressed on but he felt I need to cool down first. The little gnome
surprises me every time he show compassion and this time it was no different.
Myr felt that the next room being a **bedroom** there should be no danger and
pressed ahead followed by Breker who looked very banged up from our previous
encounter.

As I sat there thinking of how this outburst might effect me in the future and
what it might mean  for us, a horrifying scream came from the other room. We
rushed to the entrance of the **bedroom** only to find Myr surrounded by to
zombie like creatures, dressed in Herr und Frau Dursts cloths smelling of
rotten flesh. Breker was standing on the green rotten bed whipping the undead
creatures as best as he could while Myr took the opportunity to get out of
harms way. Elona stepped in to fend off Herr Durst who was following Myr
closely, but as she managed to protect Myr she got hit by the claws of the
creature with such a force that she immediately fell unconscious. I was
pulling Elona out of harms way while Alaric was providing cover fire form a
somewhat safe distance, Breker managed to pull Frau Durst using his whip
preventing her from leaving the **bedroom**.

I was assessing the situation, my mind went in to overdrive, Breker barely
hanging on with both of the Durst on him, Myr preparing to defend Breker using
a sneak attack from behind, Alaric readying one of his necrotic spells which
have very little effect on these creature and our best hope for survival,
because of her divine profession, lay unconscious in my arms.... If we wanted
to live to fight another day, we had to run.

It was then that I noticed ... time stopped.
