 # The good, the bad and the greedy

I woke up fully dressed in the other part of the room sitting and ready to go... Alaric and Breker were still sleeping while Myr was meditating while Elona was still guarding the hallway. Either one of them is pulling a prank or worse my dreams have started to degenerate in to sleepwalking, I need to find out and stop it.

As the rest of the party were doing their morning routine, Breker rolled out of bed and managed to puke on the floor. The poor guy was still out of it chugging the water flask as if there was no tomorrow. I don't know if this was the factor that woke Ireena or she just heard the commotion but she came out of her room in mare foul mood then we have seen her the day before (apparently the her highness is cranky when she doesn't get her beauty sleep).

We helped Breker down to the kitchen where we left him to recover for the rest of the day. At the ground floor, **Ismark** was waiting along with his sister both dressed in black for mourning. After a couple of friendly social jabs about the previous day, we decided to put the old Burgomeister finally to rest.

Ismark, Myr, Elona and myself were carrying the relatively heavy coffin while mein kleiner Bruder was keeping Ireena company. The poor thing, even though the coffin was heavy I would have not traded places with her, given the very awkward conversation Alaric was having with the grieving daughter. Once we arrived at the church we passed by it and went directly to the cemetery where we laid the coffin in to the family crypt and Elona performed one of her prayer sessions. The siblings decided to spend some time here mourning while they suggested we might want to talk to father **Danovici**.

The entrance to the church had a large wooden door which had seen better days. There were marks of scratching's and bites which were much older but there were also signs that somebody tried to burn the door down. Inside wee found a sorrow  sight of a half destroyed church whit shattered benches and old creaky floor boards. At the end of it praying by the alter was a man dressed in black who did not seam to mind us. Elona was not to thrilled by it as she considered all practitioners of other religions. The floor creaked as we stepped in and we heard a voice coming from down stairs pleading: "Father is that you, help me I'm starving." This startled us as we proceeded with caution to the black robed man at the alter.

**Father Danovici** was a good hearted man in his 40s or 50s (its hard to determine as this village would suck the life out of anyone) who was frightened to the point where his only solace was praying. We stared talking, well Alaric more then the rest, insisting he wants to know how to embalm a body.... I must admit his recent obsession has me worried a bit he might do or worse might have done something stupid. While they were talking I started to look around the church trying to figure out if there was something that might suggest bad intentions. While I was searching, inconspicuously, I overheard some of the conversation they were having. The good father was mostly open to talks but when ever the subject of the actual faith of the church, or even his, came up he was a bit jittery. He also was pretty saddened by the news that **Kolyan Indirovich** the former Burgomeister died and was eager to go to the crypt and pray for him, even though Elona assured him she already did that.

There were 4 rooms at the entrance of the church and I knew I had very little time, not enough to check them all, thus I chose to open one of them. By some divine intervention I managed to open the one that had a highly locked very secure cellar door. At this point **Father Danovici** became very defensive and begged me not to go down there. While he was explaining, Breker also managed to come in to the church ... half hungover but good enough that he could be of help.  

The good father told us that down in the cellar was his son, **Doru**, who has a curse on him. **Doru** and a number of others from the village a couple of years ago got riled up by a black hooded stranger ~[check if he was a priest or not]~ who convinced them to storm Strahds castle. None of the ones who left that day ever came back, except Doru who a couple of moths ago showed up at the churches door steps. By the accounts of the good father his son did not return unharmed, he was changed, violent, hungry and erethic. He tried to cleanse the bad out of him but with little success. I was curios about the ritual you tried to get his son back thus he showed us a symbol of his church and he told us that he tried everything within his power. Elona, Breker and myself decided to try and help the boy while Alaric and Myr lead the priest to the crypt. Unfortunately Danovici had "misplaced" the key to the cellar; Breker said he will open it no problem... to his defense he was still hungover so his lockpicking was unfruitful prompting him to use the crowbar as a lockpicking. While se were descending I heard Alaric shouting "Versuche ihm am leben zu halten"(try to keep him alive), as if that wasen't the plan all along.

**Doru** was chained in the dark coroner of the dark room whose only source of light were the cracks in the celling (the floor of the church). He was allover the place trying to bit us begging and threatening us for our blood. I have seen people like this before, addiction is a nasty thing although most have the standard alcohol addiction, this blood addiction is new for me. While we were questioning him, rather unpleasant with his bad attitude, he managed to get free from his chains. I managed to hold him off with a spell but teeing him to one of the masts of the cellar proved difficult. In our efforts to not harm him and incapacitate him. He managed to bite Breker and get some of his blood, I could swear hi got strong after it and even more agitated. In the end we managed to get out without harming him our ourselves just in time for the rest of our grout to come back and hear the father shout: "Lock him away and throw away the key."  Breker fixed the broken lock and we sealed the door. This venture proved to be useless in the end as we learned noting new. As we were preparing to leave the father begged us no to tell anybody from the village about how bad his son is and that he is alive because they tried to kill him before and burn the church down. He also gave us 2 bottles of holy water for trying to help his son.

We decided to try our luck at the local store and bye a map and supplies for our journey.  
