# Do you wanna kill some eeviiil?

We gathered our strength after the big fight. I was barely keeping myself
upright while Breker was anxiously looking at our welcoming basket. My initial
thought was that we should not eat from the basket before we assess if the food
inside was not poisoned, luckily Myr and Elona shared my view. I must admit that
in the whole commotion I lost track of Alaric for a while but he eagerly
appeared from behind the monster we just killed ready to dive in to the basket.
I had to hold the basket over my head while I passed it to Elona for her to
check the content, otherwise our darwen companion with my gnomish little brother
would have recklessly eaten it all. Our cleric determined that the food was ok
to eat so we decided to go in to the house and eat.

As we stepped inside we were surprised to notice that it had changed. The fires
were lit in all the fireplaces, the tapestry with macabre drawings now had a
thematic of my cursed sword, Elona, Myr, Alaric and Breker. The broomba was
cleaning the house, in the dining room the table was set for 5 and the most
shocking of all Elonas original shield which she left in the main hallway had
vanished. She did not notice until then but after the creature was defeated the
shield she took from the house vanished. Alaric, in set of fright, searched for
books he took from the house and as he tried to take them out of his pack he
noticed that they had turned to dust, all except the one from the basement
level. Breker took it upon himself to test out this crumbling theory using forks
from the dining room. Every object which got out of the house turned to dust.
Another curious thing we discovered during the same experiment was that the
house could replace the objects, which were lost during this trial and error,
upon our request. Thus it was confirmed that the house was ours now.

We sat down at the table in the dining room and toasted to our success, while
agreeing that the best course of action was to stay together until we can get
out of this cursed land. I proposed a new name for the house by calling it our
new Holzburg, and Alaric proposed a name for our group "The knights of
Holzburg". Breker liked the idea but the girls were not convinced, specially
Elona whos only wish is to get out of this land and does not desire to be part
of any group, organization or guild other then the one she is already a part
of.  During the dinner my mind started to wonder towards the childish laughter
after I performed the sacrifice on the altar down stairs, I had to talk to
Alaric and Elona about this as they would know the best how to handle it.

The last piece of sausage and the last cup of wine were finished by the time we
decided to go up stairs. I asked Elona and Alaric to stay behind to discus
something of personal importance, although I was feeling dead tired at this
point, as were Breker and Myr who did not even question me asking the other two
to stay behind. As our engineer and our ballerina went up, I tried to talk to 
mein Bruder and the cleric but they were also to tired for this, thus we
postponed the discussion for tomorrow.

Getting back to the servants quarter, the only room we all slept in thus far, I
heard the childish, energetic voice again: "Hey are we going to kill some
evil?". The surprise was there but not because of the voice but mostly because I
was the only one hearing it. I then discovered that this was part of my curse
which had deepened, unlocking both the ability of the sword to talk to me as
additional powers of the curse.

Night Blood, one of the many names of the blade, is a very energetic personality
who has a strong desire to kill, maim and destroy evil. Although I'm not sure it
has the ability to discern the difference between good and evil. It can talk to
both me and to others who touch him (later I discovered that that is not a
necessary criteria) and although he is very chatty I feel that he is not telling
me everything he knows. I must consult with my guardian angel about this. For
now I left Night Blood with Elona for the night because he did not want to let
me sleep.....   
