# A childs fate
The shambling pile of bones in front of Alaric formed the create a hideous
creature on top of which a figure rose in the form of a baby with scars of
carved flesh with symbols on it. From what I could tell it had to be the
youngest Durst.

The monstrosity was unimaginably tall and moved relatively fast for its size,
there was no choice here but to run. We all had the same idea but with different
routs in mind. Alaric was the first to move as he was the closest to the thing
and felt the imminent danger the thing possessed. He chose to run towards the
portcullis where Breker had managed to rig the door to stay open. Myr and myself
followed suit as Elona chose to go trough the same entrance we came trough. as
we where fleeing the danger she managed to distract the creature from behind the
cover of the walls allowing us some time to escape the clutches of it.

Brekers contraption closed bars behind us as we left the **altar chamber** and
we met with Elona in the **exhibition room**. Our best choice was to run as fat
as we could and hope we can escape the house. Alaric did not stop on his way up,
lead by Elona and Myr while the little dwarf and myself were trying to make life
more difficult for the boney Hurensohn.

As we went up the stairs in to the basement Brekre oiled them up as I lit the
fire hoping that will deter it from advancing to fast. Our second measure was to
make the passage we went trough seam collapsed using my illusions. This I must
admit bought us some time but did not save us in the end.

As the two of us reached the **hunting room** trough the secret door Brekre
moved the furniture over the hatchet and we ran to the main gate where Elona was
standing guard while Alaric and Myr where trying to pick the lock as the magical
barrier in the form of the fog has dissipated. As Breker reached the gate Myr
managed to get it open and we all ran out in to the main road.

We waited for over 10 seconds to see if has indeed followed us, and as I
approached the window of the **hunting room** and peered inside I saw it brake
trough the cupboard and trough the outside window on to the road. We had no more
choice, we had to fight.

It was fast attacking at a very fast speed and each hit had a strength hard
enough to incapacitate us with just one blow. Brekre took a mid ranged position
while Myr and Alaric attacked from a distance with spells and arrows, Elona
chose to take a more defensive stance reserving her energy for support and
keeping us alive. Which left me alone in the front lines with the thing.

As we all hit at it we could see a slow but clear progress in our endeavor to
free this souls from suffering. Breker managed to save me a couple of times
using his whip by putting the thing away from me but in the end at one point it
grabbed ahold of me. I felt the crushing pain of it's boney embrace as I fell
unconscious in its grip...

Alarics voice was the first thing I heard as I woke up half way out of the
literal belly of the dead beast. The kind Elona healed me as they pulled me out.
We had a few seconds to recover form the ordeal, now that somebody (I don't know
who) gave the thing its final blow, we heard a very slow clap coming from the
rooftop of the cursed house.

There stood a slender figure clapping and congratulating us on the entertainment
we provided for him. As a welcome to his domain he offered us a basket which
appeared in front of the main entrance to the house. This was the last we saw as
the man vanished in to thin air... Thus we met, although briefly, Strahd von
Zarovich.
